-Whoa!
Ah!
-Ah! No!
-Huh?
Ah!
Ouch!
Phew.
-Hey!
Okay, we got to be super quiet.
We're busted.
Wow. Josh is a way better security guard.
We literally never did our jobs.
Oh, come on, Pugsley.
You must have read
some kind of spell we could use.
Like a teleport or distraction.
I was practicing one spell,
but I was saving it for Barney's birthday.
Aw. Buddy.
-Do it.
-All right. Here goes.
Bippity boopity Patti LuPoney
mankin tessori manzela Minnelli!
Well, whatever happened is not happening.
What is happening?
Happy birthday.
But…
Pugsley? Why is everyone singing?
Oh, no, why am I dancing?
Norma, you said distraction.
Well, this is my reaction.
A magical musical
to help us sneak through.
But I guess it worked too well
'cause we're all under this spell.
Gosh, I really hope it wears off
before Act Two.
How far reaching is this spell?
Well…
Oh.
Are you ready?
Almost. The flies are in the web.
All I have to do now is choose.
No need to be dramatic.
No need for you to be so creepy.
We wouldn't have suspected you
if you hadn't been so suspicious.
So you believe me now?
We saw the footage. I'm so sorry.
Don't be sorry. Be ready. Look.
What is this?
Pauline is holding auditions
for her next body.
Bingo.
I'm sorry I doubted you, Barborah.
I was just--
Tangled in Pauline's glittery web.
Believe me, I've been there,
and it cost me the best years of my life.
We have to save the next poor soul.
Easy-peasy.
I'll win the audition
and get possessed by Pauline,
then you guys can exorcise her out of me.
Uh, it's too risky.
We did it before with Temeluchus.
We can do it again with Pauline. Trust me.
No offense, kid,
but I don't see you winning this audition.
Look, Norma will kill it.
You just need a little makeover.
Pugsley, anything in that old memory
of yours that could help us out?
This is a lot of magic for one day.
Pugsley, if we don't do something,
Pauline will never stop.
Okay. Okay. I'll try my best.
Good afternoon, my darlings.
Show me what you're made of.
Next.
Oh, my ghost.
I can't believe I'm here.
-You got me through the toughest year--
-Next!
-Wrong.
Go! Now!
Oh, anything but that.
What's wrong with you?
Can't I find a girl who can
actually give me what I'm looking for?
-Heart, soul, the burning passion of a--
Hello, gorgeous.
Come on, Norma. You can do this.
Norma?
You.
Come to my dressing room. Now.
Well, if it isn't
the humans and dogs only club.
Courtney, we're sorry. We need your help.
Too late.
I got a new best friend.
Someone who's actually helping me go home.
Darling, could you do me
a little favor here?
What friend? What's going on, Courtney?
Greetings, y'all.
Yes, I know. I look amazing.
I'm a whole new me.
Norma. Ah. She did it.
Mm-mm. Don't you dare use my middle name.
Guards, throw these traitors
into the dungeon.
Quick, Barney!
I-I can't hold them long.
Stupid skinny jeans. Ah.
Say "cheese".
-Huh? Courtney?
-Argh!
-Pugsley!
Tut-tut. Pictures cost extra, sweetie.
Take these two away.
Oh, and keep an eye on 'em.
Let's go, Red.
Logs, listen to me.
Sorry, Barney. I don't want to do this.
Then don't.
I can't lose my job.
That's Pauline Phoenix.
I don't want to get on her bad side.
She's all bad side.
Use your magic to break the lock.
I can't, Barney. Too much magic.
And every time I use it,
I can feel him coming--
Back!
Can't you talk to Logs? Sweeten him up?
Have a little… flirt?
Shh. He'll hear.
You do like him, don't you?
But…
Logs thinks I'm a traitor now.
So, he's just--
A bit more of a challenge,
but still objectively a dreamboat?
No. No.
-Did you say something, Barney?
-Uh, yeah. I, uh--
Go on, say it.
Logs,
Pauline is abducting impersonators.
She abducted Jennifer Swan
and she's gonna do it again.
This whole comeback show
is an act, a scam.
She locked us up
'cause we found out, I swear.
We have to stop her.
Also, you're really cute.
Want to go see a movie or something?
Huh?
I knew it.
About Pauline?
No, that you wanted to ask me out.
I've been trying to
ask you out all summer.
I've been a trying to
-Really?
-Yeah.
Uh, can you let us out now?
You know, Norma in danger?
Pauline bad? Really bad?
Oh. Let me get that.
Do what you gotta do. Shall we say Friday?
W-W-What movie?
Anything but musicals.
The Pauline Phoenix
Anniversary Comeback Extravaganza concert
will commence shortly.
Please remember that all video
and photography is strictly prohibited.
Phoenix Parks, your queen has arrived.
Come on, kids. Y'all know the words.
Seal the body up.
Pull, pull, smash, smash, smash.
Seal the body up. Seal the body up.
Bring me my encore!
Bless your heart.
Courtney, you got to stop.
What's it take for a demon to get
an uninterrupted sealing spell
around here?
That's Norma onstage, Courtney.
She's under an illusion spell.
I don't care. You don't understand.
I do understand.
Look, I know what it's like
wanting to go home, but--
But you can! You can skip home whenever.
You just choose not to.
I can't go home ever!
What makes you think Pauline has
the kind of power to send you home
if she needs you for this?
I… I don't--
She lied to you.
She used you like she uses everyone.
Pauline!
Is this true?
Is what true, Red?
You don't know
how to send me home, do you?
You just wanted the spell.
Oh. So you figured it out.
I may not be able to open the elevator,
but I can send you to
the underworld another way.
Bring it on!
Courtney, no. That's Norma.
Pugsley.
Pugsley?
Stop!
Courtney, stop!
Pugsley!
Is that… Barney? Why is he in the show?
-It's not a show.
-Patrick!
Pugsley?
It's too late. He's taken over.
What? Who?
-Me!
Oh, no you don't!
Oh, don't mind if I do.
Pugsley, are you okay?
I'm back. And my body is fully restored.
Hey! This is my comeback show.
Ha!
Well, well, well.
It looks like the old mutt
was having some fun.
What do you think you're doing?
I'm the big bad around here.
Ugh.
No!
-Norma!
Gotcha.
Are you okay?
-Did we win?
Not really.
-Patrick?
Sorry.
-Uh…
-Oh.
Those aren't demon cuffs.
What?
Those were placed by angels.
Angels?
But an enemy of the angels
is a friend of mine.
Go right ahead, comrade.
We need more demons like you down there.
Yes! I'm getting out of here.
Courtney. Are you leaving?
I'm like a thousand years old.
I knew you guys for like five minutes.
I'm sorry.
If you don't die tonight,
I'll send you a postcard.
Barney, I can't find Patrick!
-Mom!
-Oh, keep it down.
-Patrick! Patrick!
-Patrick--
Mom!
I said keep it down.
Much better.
So, Tem, you gonna show me your castle?
I've been dying to see what you've done
with this miserable plane.
It would be my pleasure.
Mild.